---
title: June 20th, 2021
---

- Activities
	 - 09:32 Reading [[有限与无限的游戏]] for like 20mins? I found it goes very deep and difficult to understand. So I might just highlight first, understand it later? 

	 - 09:46 I don't know what to do now... 
		 - How about search about how to use ((dce87c45-e31d-4706-a9e5-1ee036b87480)) with roam?  

	 - 09:53 instead, I researched about [[Video Installation]] in library lol. 
		 - 10:18 Found some useful site for [[Art Resources]].

		 - 10:44 Few works using TV as a Medium #[[to check]]
ref: __TV as a Creative Medium: at Howard Wise__ by Jud Yalkut. 
id:: a6615cb4-bae3-4b64-91b4-c24ca464bfdd
			 - Notes in [Craft](craftdocs://open?blockId=BE427192-B0E3-485D-B8F6-EB29F9D9ED03&spaceId=d9dd9c6d-aa8f-a144-7d2e-d05cafc1105e)

	 - 11:15 我发现自己有点难focus了最近，刚刚也只是收集了一些想看的，可是完全没有那个耐心看进去。去YouTube也只是一直刷，一个视频看个几分钟又换别的视频看。不知道是什么原因，也不知道怎么办才好呢。而且我感觉我完全不知道接下来要做些什么。 #Reflect 
		 - **The problems are: **1.Difficult to Focus; 2.Don't know what to do next. 

		 - **Why this Happening?** : Might be a burnout lasting till now since the PDF Hand-in. 

		 - **How I feel about this situation? **: I'm a bit stressful really, like everyone is doing something, but I just don't want to do it, or because I don't know what to do? 

		 - **Possible Solutions**: 1.Finding [[How to Stay Focus]]; 2.Plan or Brain Dump what I wanna do next; 3.[[How to recover from a burnout?]]; 4.How to be less stressful, especially from others.

- My Plan on [[How to Stay Focus]]: 
__I should also test them, see which works for me or not. could sue daily pages in roam to reflect these tips. __
	 - Meditation; Take a Walk regularly; => Set **No Stimulation Time. **

	 - get enough and **Better Sleep**. 
		 - [[How to get Better sleep]]? 

	 - Use only one **Focus Playlist** for Focusing. 

	 - Use **Pomodoro** Technic. 

	 - Don't drink coffee with empty stomach. 

	 - Don't drink coffee all at once. 

	 - #[[Reference Notes]] [How to Stay Focused For Long Periods of Time (even on boring things) - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LE8mNTJOYmQ)
		 - **1. Unstimulate your brain. **
			 - take a break from the stimulative activities: meditation, take a walk, etc.

			 - 6-8 Sleeps.

		 - **2. Make your Playlist. **(Focus Playlist, only use for Focus)

		 - **3. Use Caffeine the right way. **
			 - not have too much. (<300MG/Day)

			 - Space out the caffeine:
				 - Not have they at once;

				 - don't drink it with EMPTY STOMACH.

				 - L-theanine with caffeine.

		 - **4. Get past the concentration hump.**
			 - give yourself **20mins** to do that. normally, you might feel the first 5mins is really difficult.

- [[Quick Capture]]
	 - https://twitter.com/WholesomeMeme/status/1406597704910786564?s=20 #facebooktoroam
